Add DEV-GUIDE.md (#132)
postech-dao/simperby: DEV-GUIDE.md

# Simperby Development Guide

## Commit Message Convention

```text
<title>
```

or

```text
<title>

<description>
```

- `<title>`
  - summarize your change
  - use imperative mood.
  - Omit articles (`a/an` and `the`).

>   - should not exceed 75 characters

Reviewer: I guess it's 50 characters?

  - must be capitalized
- `<description>`

>   - detailed explantion of your change

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - detailed explanation of your change
```

### Examples

```text
Add account check logic

We have to verify 3 things here:
1. blah
2. blah
3. blah
```

## Pull Request Convention

> - For the title, use imperative mood and make it capitalized.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- For the title, use imperative mood and capitalize it.
```

- Use **rebase only** (No merge or squash).
- **NO MERGE COMMITS**.
- Push your works on your own forked repo, and make a **PR across forks**.
- Use the same title (head) and content (body) for a single-commit PR.
- When the PR resolves some issues, put `fixes #123` in the content of the PR, not in the commit messages.
- Conversation **must be resolved by the commentor**, not the PR author.

> - Do not take the Github notifications as the communication channel; use Discord.

Reviewer 2: how about adding spb-dev or spb-eng channel link?

Author: This is for the main page. See #82
